Combat  - Measures your deadliness with blade and bow.
          Each level grants +1 damage and +1% to hit with all
          weapons.

Defense - Measures your ability to avoid physical harm.
          Each level grants +1 to armor class.

Magic   - Measures your ability to cast spells.
          Each level grants another spell and makes casting less
          likely to fail.

Spirit  - Measures your willpower and ability to tap into your
          emotions, whether devotion or rage.
          Each level increases your resistance to magic damage
          and effects(at rank 10, 5 fewer damage & 50% effect).

Stealth - Measures your ability to avoid notice.
          Each level increases your chance to remain unseen by
          enemies.


Combat feats:

Quick draw - Instantly swap between weapons. 
             Fire arrows without needing to explicitly switch
             to your bow first. (2 points, passive)

Lethality - Increases your chance to score a critical hit by 10%
            plus an additional 5% for each 20% health that the
            target is missing. (3 points, passive)

Lunge - Leap from one space away to deal extra damage. You get
        +4 to Combat during this attack, but the space in
        between must be unoccupied. (3 points, active)

Drive back - Enemies must yield ground in order to avoid your
             attacks. If the enemy has no space to retreat,
             you'll automatically hit. (3 points, passive)


Defense feats:

Silent chainmail - Removes chainmail's stealth penalty.
                   (2 points, passive)

Armored mage - Cast spells with no penalty from your armor.
               (3 points, passive)

Full defense - Stand still('5' or '.') to ready yourself for
               attack. You gain an extra 50% chance to avoid
               attacks, and any enemy that misses you will
               have its attack redirected to another adjacent
               enemy. (3 points, passive)

Tumble - Move up to 2 spaces while avoiding arrows. You'll dodge
         the first arrow fired at you before your next turn. If
         you're on fire, you'll put some of it out, and if you
         move past an enemy, they might lose track of you.
         (3 points, active)


Magic feats:

Master's edge - The first damaging spell in your spell list will
                deal 1d6 extra magic damage. (4 points, passive)

Student's luck - Casting a spell of higher level than your Magic
                 skill will now only drain your magic half the
                 time (instead of every time).
                 (3 points, passive)

Arcane shield - Drain your magic reserves to shield yourself.
                (+25% fail rate which is restored when you rest
                to block 25 damage, plus 1d6 for every two
                points of Magic skill you have. Lasts for 20
                turns.) (3 points, active)

Force of will - Drain your magic reserves to flawlessly cast a
                spell. (Draining your magic reserves still
                decreases your chance of success, but the
                spell's level and the weight of your armor
                don't matter. If you have skill in Spirit, your
                chances are increased - 2% for each point.)
                (3 points, active)


Spirit feats:

Conviction - Each turn you're engaged in combat, you gain bonus
             Spirit, and bonus Combat skill equal to half that.
             (3 points, passive)

Enduring soul - Improves the amount by which your natural
                recovery can heal you - your health will stop
                recovering at a multiple of 20 instead of 10.
                (4 points, passive)

Feel no pain - When your health drops under 20%, you briefly
               enter a state of invulnerability where you take
               no damage (but other effects still happen).
               (3 points, passive)

Boiling blood - Taking damage briefly increases your movement
                speed. (Up to five stacks. At 5 stacks, your
                speed is doubled. (2 points, passive)


Stealth feats:

Distract - You attempt to misdirect an unaware enemy, causing it
           to investigate the source of the sound(radius 3).
           (2 points, passive)

Disarm trap - Attempt to disable a trap without setting it
              off. (80% success rate. If you fail, Defense skill
              might let you avoid triggering the trap - 5%
              chance for each point.) (2 points, active)

Neck snap - Perform a stealth kill on a medium humanoid. (Living
            enemies of approximately human size.)
            (4 points, passive)

Danger sense - You see where it's safe and where enemies might
               detect you, if you extinguish your light sources.
               (4 points, passive)
