(Forays into Norrendrin is a roguelike game. Don't know what a
 roguelike is? Visit roguebasin.roguelikedevelopment.org for
 more info.)


How to play:

After choosing New Game, follow the instructions to pick your
character's name and trait. By finding shrines within the
dungeon, you'll be able to increase your skills, and put
a point toward mastering one of that skill's associated feats.
(If you increase your Magic skill, you'll also choose one new
 spell.)


Important commands to remember are 'e' to examine and change
your equipment, and 'a' to use your consumable items.
If your health drops, press 'r' to rest - but only once per
level!


Your torch illuminates your surroundings, but also gives away
your position. If you wish to avoid notice, put away your
torch with 't'. ('t' will also bring it back out again.)


Press tab to look at your surroundings. (Pressing escape or
 space will exit most menus and selections.)


If you've learned a spell, you can cast it by pressing 'z'. If
your magic skill isn't high enough compared to the spell's
level, you'll have trouble casting it repeatedly. (Heavy armor
 also makes casting harder.)


You can view and activate feats by pressing 'f'. (Some feats are
 activated, while some are entirely passive.)


Try switching to your bow and firing some arrows('e' to switch,
's' to shoot). You always have access to five different weapons
and three different armors. You can find better versions of each
in the dungeon.


Remember: If you catch on fire, stand still with '.' (or '5' on
the numpad) to put it out. When you find stairs, you can walk
down them with '>'. (It's a one-way trip, so don't leave
 anything behind!)


Press 'f' now to see the command help page. (The command list
 can be accessed directly in-game by pressing '-'.)


Command list:

tab : look around                              z : cast a spell 
r : rest to recover health and spells          f : use a feat
t : turn your torch on/off                     s : fire an arrow
e : view and change equipment

i : view your inventory
a : use a consumable item
g : pick up an item                        d : drop an item

> : take stairs to next level              o : operate terrain
w : walk automatically in a direction      x : explore

c : view character information
p : view previous messages

= : change options
q : quit
? : view the help screen
- : view this command list


(You can also switch weapons with 1-5 on the top row of the
 keyboard, and armor with 8-0. You can press tab to cycle
 between interesting targets.)
